chore(gui): update screenshots of the GUI (#1637)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/production/gui.md

## Mesh Overview
Once you’ve completed the setup process, you’ll be sent to the Mesh Overview. This is a general overview of all of the meshes found. You can then view each entity and see how many dataplanes and traffic permissions, routes, and logs are associated with that mesh.

<center style="padding-top: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px;">
{% if_version gte:2.6.x %}

> <img src="/assets/images/docs/2.6.x/gui/mesh-overview.png" alt="A screenshot of the Mesh Overview of the Kuma GUI" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/assets/images/docs/{{ page.version }}/gui/mesh-overview.png" alt="A screenshot of the Mesh Overview of the Kuma GUI" />
```

(will make this future proof :) )

Author: Ah perfect! Exactly what I was looking for! I'll do this locally with them all 👍

Author: Noticed that URLs with `/dev/` no longer work with this, no biggie right now but is there a way to make that work also do you know?
